# Introduction

DID Java SDK is the SDK version provided by Elastos DID for Java language developers. The lowest compatible Java language version is Java 1.8 (aka Java 8), which can be used in the standard Java environment of desktop, server, and Android environments.&#x20;

Java SDK has released two mainstream versions (1.x and 2.x) of which 1.x is obsolete and no longer maintained and upgraded - 2.x is the version currently being developed and maintained. The APIs of these two versions are not compatible with one another, but the SDK of version 2.x can handle DID objects generated by version 1.x.&#x20;

The latest SDK version is the 2.1.x series - if Elastos DID support is newly imported in application development, it's recommended to use the latest release version of 2.x.

## Features

The implementation of DID Java SDK conforms to W3C’s DID specification and verifiable credentials specification, and the main functions are as follows:

* DID and DID Document
* Verifable credential
* Verifable presentation
* Hierarchical Deterministic DIDs (similar with [BIP32](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki))
* Secure local DID objects store
* DID and credential publishing mechanism base on Elastos ID side chain

Additionally, because JSON Web Token (JWT) is widely used, the key of DID can be used for signing and verifying JWT. Elastos DID SDK integrates the support of JWT, which provides a safe and convenient way to use JWT for applications, and there is no risk of key leakage. JWT integrated with Java DID SDK provides the following support:

* JWT
* JWS (algorithm: ECDSA using P-256 and SHA-256)
* Claims assertions
* Claim POJO marshaling and unmarshaling

## Repository and download

DID Java SDK is the implementation of open source. The code warehouse is hosted in GitHub. The address of the warehouse is:

https://github.com/elastos/Elastos.DID.Java.SDK

## Support

Elastos DID Java SDKs are supported by Trinity Tech and the community developers through GitHub issues. Also, we would love to get your contributions, whether they are in form of bug reports, Requests for Enhancement (RFE), documentation, or code patches.

## License

```
MIT License

Copyright (c) 2019 - 2021 elastos.org

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
